=begin pod

=head1 Draw2D::Furniture

Provides custom, scaled furniture outlines for home and office planning

New features:

=item added ellliptical shapes
=item added short-names to show on images
=item  `squeeze` option to show image number and dimensions
  in the upper left corner of the images
  (automatically selected if short names are used
   in the input file)
=item  dimensions may be decimals

Planned features:

=item  comma as a radix point in decimal numbers
=item  handle other dimensional units (feet, meters, decimeters, centimeters, millimeters, cubits)
=item  arbitrary polygons
=item  other special shapes:
    =item  rectangle with rounded corners [arcs of circles]
    =item  rectangle with one or more sides having arcs of ellipses
=item  furniture 'overlay' so that drawers, doors, pulls,
  and other furniture features can be shown

=head2 Additional dependencies

In addition to the automatically installed Raku modules, the user
needs to manually install or otherwise ensure the following are
available:

1. Perl module `PostScript::File`

2. program `ps2pdf` (usually provided by the GhostScript package)

=head2  Process

=item1  Prepare a formatted text input file describing rooms and
furniture items in them.

=item1  Run the executable `draw2d` with the input file
to produce two pdf files, each of one or more pages:

    1. `furniture-list.pdf` - A list of the rooms and furniture with each furniture item's
       unique reference number, description, and its dimensions

    2. `furniture-drawings.pdf` - A series of scaled drawings of each
       furniture item suitible for cutting out and placing on a
       blueprint to plan furniture arrangements

Note the default output file names can be specified in the input data file.

See the example input file in the test directory (`t/data/furniture-input.txt`).

Run the `Makefile` in your clone of this repository to create output
files from the example input file:


=begin code :lang<Raku>
$ make doc
PERL6LIB=lib raku -Ilib bin/draw2d-output t/data/furniture-input.txt
Normal end.
See output files:
  furniture-list.pdf
  furniture-drawings.pdf
=end code 

You can run `make doc2` to run the program with the debug flags on if
you wish.

In either case, run `make clean` to remove the created files.

Here's a look at the files just produced:

=item1  [Furniture list](./furniture-list.pdf)
=item1  [Furniture diagram](./furniture-drawings.pdf)

=head2  Contributing

Interested users are encouraged to contribute improvements and
corrections to this module.  Pull requests (PRs), bug reports, feature
requests, and suggestions are always welcome.

=head2 # LICENSE and COPYRIGHT

Artistic 2.0. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Copyright (c) 2020-2021 Thomas M. Browder, Jr. (tbrowder@cpan.org)

=end pod

